hello everyone welcome to nails for
sanam child today I have this water
decal nail art if or that i'm going to
apply the base is the china glaze shower
together and also i'm going to create a
gradient with this rags to riches by
Rimmel so with the sponge I'm just going
to create a gradient
just random on
so it looks like this
going to cut off the water decal cut as
close as to your design and drop it in
the water to lose it up and slide it and
you can transfer this on your nail so
place it on your nail as desired and
press it gently to remove any excess
water
I'm going to just use add little bit
accent to my feathers so I'm using these
two polishes and with a fine brush or a
dotting tool or even a toothpick I'm
just going to add the color in the empty
spaces of the feather just adding a
little sparkle I also added some dots
and finish your nail art with a top coat
I hope you enjoyed this nail art video
and for the water decals that I have
used I have another video on that please
watch that for more information and i
hope you liked this nail art see you
next time